well howdy there internet people
elizabeth gown
so today we are going to talk about hope
and reality because reality just came
crashing in on some people
if you do not know the president of the
united states has got it
i hope the president the first lady
and all the others who were impacted
are fine hope they make full recovery
i hope that they go through this without
incident i hope they are asymptomatic
the entire time
and i'm sincere when i say that
because nobody anywhere on this planet
should have to go through what more than
two hundred thousand americans have
with that said the reality is
when this was still new
still unknown working class americans
who did not have the luxury of having
millions
spent on their safety and security
who did not have access to the finest
health care
anywhere in the world well they were
deemed essential
they were told to go back to work
when americans lost their jobs
this administration's primary concern
was trying to force them to go back to
work
force them to find another job
attempted to provide the minimum
amount of assistance to get them back
where they belong
because it's really important i'm going
to suggest
that the office of the presidency is
more important
than working at winn-dixie
so with that in mind
while i wish the president and the first
lady the best this little vacation
will not change the story not on this
channel
it will not shield him from criticism
that is rightfully earned
at the end of the day we're about a
month away from the election
yeah this is bad timing for him
it's bad timing for this to happen but
it is what it is
politics on the national level it's
tough
and uh he knew what he signed up for
i truly do hope
they make it through this
i also hope that it serves as a
warning to those who may not be taking
it seriously
who may have a cavalier attitude towards
it
wash your hands don't touch your face
stay at home if you have to go out wear
a mask anyway
it's just a thought y'all have a good
day